On the main index page here different links are shown depending on whether a user is logged in or not.
If I log in.
The link changes to log out.
And we have a link to the new article page.
If we go to the admin index
these links are repeated.
Let's move these links to a navigation section that's shown on every page before these links.
We're including this header file which read including on every page.
As we learnt earlier navigation links go inside a nav element.
So let's add one of those after the header and then a u l element to contain the list of links.
If the user is logged in we want the log out to link.
Otherwise we want the log in link.
Now in the main index page we can remove this block of code
and we can do the same on the admin index page.
However we want to keep this link to the new article page so we'll delete the rest of the block.
But keep that link.
Let's move it below the subheading.
However like that.
Let's give that a try were not logged in.
So the log in link is shown.
If we log in the log out think is shown.
If we go to the admin index
the same log out link is shown.
But if I click it we get a formal four page not found error.
Looking at the address bar.
The link has gone to Adam in slash log out at P. H.
P. which is incorrect.
The log out script is in the root of the site.
In an anchor tag if we specified the path of the file of a link like this then the link would be relative
to this page.
This page is included inside the admin folder.
Then the link will point to Adam n slash logout up HP to make this link relative to the roots of the
site.
We need to start it with a slash like that.
Now this will point to the logout script in the root folder of the site regardless of where we include
this script.
Likewise we need to prefix the luggin link with a slash too.
Now in the admin index if we click on logout the link correctly takes us to the lock out script in the
root of the site and we're locked out.
At the moment to access the Admin Index we're typing in the U R L.
Now that we have a navigation section let's add a link to the admin area.
We want the link to appear.
If the user is logged in so will add the link here before the log out link.
We all started with a slash So it's always going to be relative to the root of the site and we don't
need to include indexed up p as this is the default page.
So on the main index page.
If were not logged in that link isn't shown.
If we do log in there's the link to the admin section which takes us to the admin index.
We don't have a link to take us back to the root index though so let's add one at the top of the nav
block so that it's shown whether the user is logged in are not.
Again we don't need to specify index that p s p as this is the default.
We can just put a slash.
So now we have common navigation links that allow us to move around the site and the common on each
page.
For example here on the individual article page 2 and they also change depending on whether we are logged
in are not.